Model solid shape and exporter cleanup (#739)
robotology/idyntree: CHANGELOG.md

### Added
- Added the possibility of reusing an already opened figure with the MATLAB iDynTree Visualizer either if the name coincides or by using gcf.
- Added getters and setters to classes in `SolidShapes.h` (`idyntree-model`).

>   Public attributes are still available for compatibility but are now **deprecated** and will be removed soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Public attributes are still available for compatibility but are now **deprecated** and will be removed in the next major release of iDynTree (2.x).
```

Author: Done.

### Added
- Added the possibility of reusing an already opened figure with the MATLAB iDynTree Visualizer either if the name coincides or by using gcf.

### Changed

> - `SolidShapes.h` public API **changes**. Changes are back compatible, but as the API has changed, this means a re-compilation of the dependent projects is needed. In details:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SolidShapes.h` public API **changes**. API changes are back compatible, but as the **ABI has changed**, this means a re-compilation of the dependent projects is needed. In details:
```

Author: Done.
